---
layout: page
title:  "2011 October 11"
subheadline:  "Meeting at the residential flat of A. Purushothaman and A. Haridranathan at Guruvayur"
teaser: "A meeting of the Study Group was held at the residential flat of A. Purushothaman and A. Haridranathan at Guruvayur.
K. V Subramanian, Venu Edakkazhiyur, A. Purushothaman, A. Haridranathan, and K.A. Mohandas paricipated in the meeting."
header:
    image_fullwidth: "header_unsplash_5.jpg"
categories:
    journal
---
The summary of the discussions is as follows.

1. An annotated bibliographical index of all works of kovilan shall be prepared including information about the first / latest editions published.
2. An index of books and articles about kovilan and interviews with kovilan shall be prepared.
3. A long term project involving detailed study of kovilan’s works shall be initiated .
4. Every year, one specific work of Kovilan ( Example : A minus B ) shall be identified for detailed study.
5. Prominent critics ( E.P.Rajagopalan / Sunil P. Ilayitam / E.V.Ramakrishnan / Kalpetta Balakrishnan/ etc ) may be approached well in advance with a request to prepare an essay on a topic relevant to malayalam literature ( Example : Modern malayalam novel / short story ) and explore it with Kovilan’s specific work/works as background.
6. A kovilan memorial talk on different aspects of fiction by an eminent person , preferably of all India background , shall be organised every year.
7. Essay competitions on topics relevant to Kovilan’s works shall be conducted for high school / college students . The topic along with key words shall be announced well in advance so that sufficient time ( about 3 months ) is given for the students to prepare and submit the essay and for evaluating the essays received ( about one month ).
8. Every year ,a seminar shall be organised around 2nd June . The principal essay shall be presented during the seminar and discussions held . The winners of the essay competition shall be felicitated during the seminar.
9. Venu Edakkazhiyur ( 09447095760 ) will be the contact person ( venuedakkazhiyur@gmail.com , Venu Edakkazhiyur, BAMSURI , Post Puthanpalli -680103 , Thrissur Dist , Kerala )
10. The next meeting of the study group shall be held on 20th October 2010
